[WIP] Feat: Type properties with PHP >= 7.4 (#689)
symfony/maker-bundle: src/Resources/help/MakeEntity.txt

You can also *overwrite* any existing methods:

<info>php %command.full_name% --regenerate --overwrite</info>

> You can also use PHP 7.4 typing for properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may type properties if you are running PHP 7.4 or newer:
```
